add folder prop to v-upload so that import can use it (#19897)
directus/directus: .changeset/clever-bobcats-collect.md

---
"@directus/app": patch
---

> Fixed importing an image via URL into your current folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where importing an image via URL wouldn't be placed in the current folder
```
